system-information:
      description: operation successful
      required:
        - systemID
        - language
        - name
        - timezone
        - type_of_system
      properties:
          systemID:
            description: identifier for this transport system. This should be globally unique (even between different systems)
            type: string
            example: XXTO0001
          language:
            description: An IETF language tag indicating the language that will be used throughout the rest of the files. This is a string that defines a single language tag only.
            type: string
            format: ietf
            example: eng
          name:
            description: Full name of the system to be displayed to customers
            type: string
            example: FreeBike
          shortName:
            description: Optional abbreviation for a system
            type: string
            example: FB
          operator:
            description: Name of the operator of the system
            type: string
            example: FreeBike
          url:
            description: The URL of the transport operator. The value must be a fully qualified URL that includes http:// or https://, and any special characters in the URL must be correctly escaped.
            type: string
            example: https://www.rentmyfreebike.com
          purchaseUrl:
            description: A fully qualified URL where a customer can purchase a membership or learn more about purchasing memberships
            type: string
            example: https://www.rentmyfreebike.com/purchase
          startDate:
            description: String in the form YYYY-MM-DD representing the date that the system began operations
            type: string
            format: date
            example: 2019-01-01
          phoneNumber:
            description: A single voice telephone number for the specified system. This field is a string value that presents the telephone number as typical for the system's service area. It can and should contain punctuation marks to group the digits of the number.
            type: string
            example: 555-12345
          email:
            description: A single contact email address for customers to address questions about the system
            type: string
            format: email
            example: rent@freebike.com
          timezone:
            description: The time zone where the system is located. Time zone names never contain the space character but may contain an underscore. Please refer to the "TZ" value in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones for a list of valid values
            type: string
            example: IST
          licenseUrl:
            description: A fully qualified URL of a page that defines the license terms for the GBFS data for this system, as well as any other license terms the system would like to define (including the use of corporate trademarks, etc)
            type: string
            example: https://www.rentmyfreebike.com/license
          typeofSystem:
            description: Describes the type of system
            type: string
            enum:
              - free-floating
              - station-based
              - virtual-station-based
            example: free-floating
          conditions:
            description: Added to include possibility to communicatie general rental conditions like minimum age, max. reservation time etc. [amended]
            type: string
            
